DOCUMENTATION

- (Yannik, 11.10.2023)
    opened documentation
- (Wassim, 11.10.2023)
    opened documentation
- (Ambros, 11.10.2023)
    opened documentation


---------------------------------------------------------------Overview--------------------------------------------------------------

-----------------------------------------------------------------Main----------------------------------------------------------------
- Ambros(16.10.2023)
    In the main function the flow of the program is being controlled. There are also some computations, which matter for multiple functions.
    The main function first finds the absolute path of the parent directory of the run_tests.py, so it is guaranteed that the files for testing are being generated in the correct directory no matter where the file is being run from. This is done in the main function, since it is needed in the setup and teardown function.
    Further the list files_start is initialized which gives a timestamp of the files in the parent directory of the run_tests.py this will be of importance when the teardown function is run to compare which files where already existing and which were generated.
    
    

----------------------------------------------------------------Setup----------------------------------------------------------------
- (Ambros 16.10.2023)
    In the setup function the environment is being prepared for the testing.
    Here all files are createed, which are after being used by the individual tests (expect for files created by the test itself).
    There are 3 dictionaries, so the files can be split by functionality in the tests.
        the f_read is for files which are being used by the tests for the read function
        the f_write is for files which are being used by the tests for the write function
        the f_delete is for files which are being used by the tests for the delete function
        for the create function there are no files needed, since it is gonna create the files itself
    The decision to use 3 dictionaries:
        On the one hand this generates a little overhead, since also a single dictionary could be used for all the files which are being created, however like this there is a better overview which might help in scalability of the code.
        Also it reduces the chances of faulty reusing of files for multiple tests. (e.g. test tries to read a file which has been already deleted by another test). With this organization it is clear which files can be reused and which should only be used once (f_delete e.g.).
    After all the files specified in the 3 dictionaries are being created in the parentsdirectory of run_tests.py with the given content.
----------------------------------------------------------------User-----------------------------------------------------------------

---------------------------------------------------------------Results---------------------------------------------------------------
- (Yannik 21.10.2023)
    The results are tracked and afterwards printed inside the tests() function. We have decided to give the results for 
    each individual test and at the end print the overview of all tests. In the res dictionary the three outcomes pass, 
    fail and error will be updated during testing. 
    As we learned in the lecture, we used introspection to find all tests with the prefix "test_" which we want to test.
    For the individual test results, the time will be tracked with the time.time() method and starts before the test is 
    performed. Depending on how the test results, the time will stop in the try or one of the two except blocks and the 
    result will be printed for this test. After the except blocks a finally block is implemented to track the total 
    number of tests which are carried out. In the for loop the res dictionary gets updated with the outcome of every 
    test performed and when the loop ends, the time is stopped. Finally, the overall results of the testing is printed 
    out.

----------------------------------------------------------------Tests----------------------------------------------------------------

--------------------------------------------------------------Teardown---------------------------------------------------------------
- (Ambros 16.10.2023)
    In the teardown function all files which were generated during the test are being removed.
    The approach is to get a stamp of all files which exist in the beginning of the programm and then in the end delete all files which are not in the stamp from the beginning. Therefore all files that are generated after the list files_start has been made will be deleted.
        This poses a problem: The teardown function does not distinguish between files which were generated by the testing and files which were generated by something else (e.g. another developer)
        Another approach which would fix this problem is to work with a list (e.g. global list) which stores all the names of files which are being generated by the test and have to be deleted in the end. However this generates overhead since all the files which are being generated/deleted need to be tracked also it is prone to errors (e.g. file is in the list which is already deleted).
        Therefore the decision has been made to use the first approach, since it is not expected that files are being generated by something else than the test, while the test is being run.

--------------------------------------------------------------Conlusions-------------------------------------------------------------



